cat
Stónorí, Doctor Depart from here
The darkness of the Meibo, the haze of the Hado,
the deep autumn of the first year of the Showa period,
the peace of the land, the sea, and the land of the sea.
The peace of the land, the sea, and the land of the sea.
The goal is to reach the eastern border of the Izu River,
and to reach the deep forest of the Ryokurin River.
The meeting of the Jito on the south bank of the Rokkai River,
the flowering sword in the heart of the Matsukun.
The flowering sword in the heart of the Matsukun.
mesquite
The桂葉摘むの暇もなく
birds that don't find any joy should General Shira Kawaiya
grandly set down his sword
The enemy is a fierce, fierce battle
The darkness of the East Sea will not be cleared now
The End